#Minute of Project Supervision Meeting

#Student Name        :   Ben Kelly
#Project Module Code :   ELE 4001
#Project Supervisor  :   Dr Sandra Scottt-Hayward
#Meeting Number      :       9

#Progress Since Last Meeting, and Decisions arrived at during meeting:
•	Considered Round Robin shared topic configuration for pulsar cluster
•	Deduced latency formula to send flow information to neighbouring subnets
•	Set Interim Report Structure , and agreed on extra content and layout
•	Reordered Netrsec PCAP files using tcpwrite to change source and destination ips
•	Literature research to define new strategy and use a DDos app in pulsar cluster also to get a global view of local clusters
•	Used a Vm Router with Quagga service to isolate subnets and route information to different vms

#Action Points
•	Interim Literature review have done for 8th January for check before deadline on 11th January
•	Work on Interim demo for first week in January ~ 14th january
•	Combine current small implementations together . all components for base solution are there 
•	Look at global view ddos app for small local cumulative attacks 
•	Section each Test Cases and clean up Gitlab

#Data Next Meeting    :    18/1/19
